# tic 0.2.13.9015

- `detect_repo_type()` now prompts the user for unknown repository types (#161).
- `use_tic()` loses `path` argument, now taken from `usethis::proj_get()` .
- `step_rcmdcheck()` and `do_package_checks()` now avoid building the vignette by default on AppVeyor (#150).
- `use_tic()` now uses boxes from {cli} for better structured output (#153).


# tic 0.2.13.9014

- Configuration storage modeled after `usethis::proj_get()`.
- New `dsl_load()`, renamed from `load_from_file()`.
- New `dsl_get()` and `dsl_init()`.
- Added examples to help for `get_stage()` and macros (#77).


# tic 0.2.13.9013

- Using tidy evaluation for simpler code, more control and better printing of steps (#77).
- Fix AppVeyor builds.
- The README is now explicit about suggesting that each repo should contain only one project (#152).
- Documentation uses the {rotemplate} package (#121).
- Only install {remotes} and {curl} if not yet installed (#97).
- New `use_tic()`, moved from {travis} (#138).
- Updated templates (#81).
- A failing step displays a traceback generated by `rlang::trace_back()` (#105).
- `do_pkgdown()` and `do_bookdown()` now have a `deploy` argument and are documented on separate help pages. The new `?macro` help page provides an overview.
- Implement `print()` methods for DSL and stages (#77).
- New `do_bookdown()` (#137).


# tic 0.2.13.9012

- New `repo_*()` functions to simplify specification of the `repos` argument to installer functions (#101).
- Add Appveyor checks (#147, @pat-s).
- New pkgdown macro via `do_pkgdown()` (#126, @pat-s)
- New example: covrpage, cc @yonicd 
- `step_rcmdcheck(error_on = "note")` works again (#119).
- New `do_package_checks()` with `codecov = TRUE` argument (#146), replaces `add_package_checks()` which stays around for compatibility (#128).
- `add_step()` now evaluates the `step` argument in a `tryCatch()` block and gives a bit of context if this fails (#73).
- New `run_all_stages()`, previously `tic()` (#66).
- New `ci_get_env()`, `ci_has_env()` and `ci_is_env()` functions to avoid verbose `Sys.getenv()` calls in `tic.R` (#124, @pat-s).
- New `ci_*()` functions to avoid R6 notation in `tic.R` (#125, @pat-s).


# tic 0.2.13.9011

- New `step_install_deps()`, reorganizing help pages so that installer steps are on the same page.
- `step_rcmdcheck()` no longer installs dependencies. Instead, `add_package_checks()` includes `step_install_deps()` (#74).
- Fix two links in README (#115, @Rekyt).
- Vignette update (#80, @pat-s).
- Support `build_args` argument in `step_rcmdcheck()` (#64, @pat-s).


# tic 0.2.13.9011

## step_rcmdcheck()

- deprecate `warnings_are_errors` and `notes_are_errors` in favor of the new `error_on` argument
- add args `timeout` and `repos`
- call `rcmdcheck()` internally with `error_on = "never"` so that we can trigger the message on found warnings and notes
- remote outdated doc about `step_rcmdcheck()` using a dedicated lib for the check

# tic 0.2.13.9010

- No longer using a separate library for package checks, because it causes a lot of problems with various steps which are not aware of this (#86, #88).
- Packages coming with the R-installation are not updated anymore when preparing `step_rcmdcheck()`. 
  See `?step_rcmdcheck()` for detailed info. (#103)

# tic 0.2.13.9009

- The `step_build_pkgdown()` step now uses the same dedicated library as `step_rcmdcheck()`.
- Using the development version of _rcmdcheck_ to work around problems finding the vignette builder (#84).
- Draft for new "Get started" vignette (#63, @pat-s).


# tic 0.2.13.9008

- The `step_rcmdcheck()` step now uses a dedicated library for installing the packages and checking, it also updates the packages after installing dependencies. The `add_package_checks()` macro no longer includes an `update.packages()` call (#35).
- The `step_rcmdcheck()` step now installs all dependencies during preparation. The `add_package_checks()` macro no longer adds the code step that installs dependencies.


# tic 0.2.13.9007

- The `step_do_push_deploy()` and `step_push_deploy()` steps are not executed for builds on a tag, because this would create a branch of the same name as the tag (#27).


# tic 0.2.13.9006

- Support creating variables in `tic.R` by sourcing `tic.R` in a modifiable environment (#33).
- Replaced `private` arguments with an environment that keeps track of internal state, now the code from `add_package_checks()` can be copied to a `tic.R` file (#74).


# tic 0.2.13.9005

- A failing step immediately fails the entire stage, subsequent steps are not run (#59).


# tic 0.2.13.9004

- New `get_public_key()` and `encode_private_key()` moved from _travis_ (#71, @pat-s).
- Add `step_install_cran()` and `step_install_github()` (#65, @pat-s).


# tic 0.2.13.9003

- Added integration tests for package checks and deployment, covering various common cases (#62).
- Add integration test for deploying from a subdirectory.
- Remove `orphan` argument from `step_push_deploy()`, because there's no easy way to implement it reliably. If only a subdirectory is deployed to a separate branch (i.e., the `path` argument is set), `orphan = TRUE` is required.


# tic 0.2.13.9002

- Better strategy for handling race conditions during deployment, new changes are no longer silently overwritten with `step_push_deploy()` (#45).
- Add integration test for package checks and race conditions (#62).
- Clarify error message upon step failure.
- `add_package_checks()` adds coverage checks only for non-interactive CIs.
- Add reference to `use_tic()` (#55).
- Document purpose of testing steps (#49).
- Allow only predefined stage names (#48).


# tic 0.2.13.9001

- The _pkgdown_ package is installed from CRAN.


# tic 0.2.13.9000

- New `subdir` argument to `step_push_deploy()` and `step_do_push_deploy()`, allows restricting the set of files to be committed to Git (#42).


# tic 0.2-13 (2018-02-01)

- New `base64serialize()` and `base64unserialize()` (#37).
- `add_code_step()` detects required packages also for complex expressions. Packages that need to be installed from GitHub still need to be installed manually (#36).
- `step_rcmdcheck()` now prints a summary, which also shows e.g. details on installation failures.
- New `prepare_call` argument to `step_run_code()` and `add_code_step()`.


# tic 0.2-12 (2017-06-29)

- Fix `add_package_checks()`.


# tic 0.2-11 (2017-06-29)

- `add_package_checks()` gains arguments that are passed to `step_rcmdcheck()`.
- New `step_setup_ssh()` (#24).
- New `add_code_step()` (#21).
- New `tic()` to run all steps locally (#23).
- New `add_package_checks()` (#25).


# tic 0.2-10 (2017-06-29)

- Document all exported functions and many classes (#8).
- `step_add_to_drat()` will also update the overview page if it exists.


# tic 0.2-9 (2017-06-28)

- Fix `get_slug()` on AppVeyor to use `APPVEYOR_REPO_NAME`.
- New `step_add_to_drat()`.
- Split `step_push_deploy()` into `step_setup_push_deploy()` and `step_do_push_deploy()`.
- Better traceback output.
- Use "remotes" instead of "devtools".
- Reduce output after preparation (#5).
- New `step_rcmdcheck()`.
- The deparsed code is used as step name (#5).


# tic 0.2-8 (2017-06-17)

- An error occurring when running a step is printed in red (#5).


# tic 0.2-7 (2017-06-13)

- New `step_write_text_file()` for creating arbitrary text files, including `~/.R/Makevars` (#14).
- pkgdown documentation is now builded for tags by default (#13).
- The "openssl" package is now only suggested, not imported.
- Removed `step_run_covr()` in favor of the new `step_run_code()` (#18).
- `load_from_file()` reloads the file from disk if its mtime changes (#11).
- All steps of a stage are run even in case of previous errors, but the stage still fails if at least one of its steps failed (#10).
- Adding to known hosts or installing a SSH keys now requires a non-interactive CI.
- New `step_run_code()` to run arbitrary code. If the code is a call with the `pkg::fun()`, notation, pkg is installed if missing (#1, #3). `step_run_covr()` remains for compatibility but is scheduled for removal.
- Color the start of each step in the log (#5).
- New `step_add_to_known_hosts()` to work around configuration problems on OS X (#16).
- Export runner methods for all stages defined in Travis CI and AppVeyor (#17).


# tic 0.2-6 (2017-06-04)

- Technical release to synch master and production branches.


# tic 0.2-5 (2016-11-27)

- Fix `after_success()` and `deploy()`.
- Step names are now printed again.


# tic 0.2-4 (2016-11-27)

- Use new DSL with the notion of stages with arbitrary names.
    - New `load_from_file()` replaces `get_xxx_steps()`
    - `task_...()` has been renamed to `step_...()`
    - A task is now something like an ad-hoc step
    - `before_script()` is now `prepare_all_stages()`
    - `TravisTask` is now `TicStep`
    - `ci()` is now exported
- If environment variable `CI` is undefinied, use `LocalCI` with sensible inference of repository and branch.
- Stop if `git` exits with nonzero status.


# tic 0.2-3 (2016-11-06)

- Install package for `task_build_pkgdown` task.


# tic 0.2-2 (2016-11-05)

- DSL to define steps via `step()`, which are tasks with a branch and/or env var filter (#6).


# tic 0.2-1 (2016-11-05)

- Support environment variables from both Travis and AppVeyor (#6).
- Add tests.
- Rudimentary support for multiple CI systems.
- Clean up dependencies.


# tic 0.2 (2016-11-05)

Initial release.

- Rudimentary configuration based on task objects. A task object is a list/environment which contains at least the members `check()`, `prepare()` and `run()` -- functions without arguments, only `check()` needs to return a `logical` scalar. These can be subclasses of the new `TravisTask` R6 class, the package now contains six subclasses: `HelloWorld`, `RunCovr`, `BuildPkgdown`, `InstallSSHKeys`, `TestSSH`, and `PushDeploy`. The `new` methods of theses subclasses are exported as `task_hello_world()`, `task_run_covr()`, `task_build_pkgdown()` `task_install_ssh_keys()`, `task_test_ssh()`, and `task_push_deploy()`, respectively. The three functions `before_script()`, `after_success()` and `deploy()` accept a semicolon-separated list of task objects, which is by default taken from the `TIC_AFTER_SUCCESS_TASKS` and `TIC_DEPLOY_TASKS` environment variables. These functions call the `prepare()` and `run()` methods of the task objects if and only if the `check()` method returns `TRUE` (#42).
